Well, how are you my people, how are you doing,
how are you doing, it's Thursday, it's
Thursday, surely many of you
are seeing this extract, it's Friday, it
's Friday, going to work,
wary of the weekend. No, well, let's
see, you
've asked me a lot to comment, yes, you asked me a
lot yesterday and Astrid wrote to me,
both LM from Instagram and the one from
email and so on, you know how good it is that
everyone maintains that I commented on the
Milano controversy and honestly, look,
yesterday I was sleepy ok, I did the debate
in the afternoon, it was yesterday, right? Yes, it was yesterday,
by the way, one thing so that you all
know, so that you all know, the
my kids dotcom app is now available,
ok, so everyone, now
Emmanuel, thank you very much, you can enjoy it, you
can enjoy the forum,
the memes, the blog, the store, okay, you can
buy everything through the app, you no longer
have an excuse for Sanse or you no longer
have an excuse to be hooked on the CEO all day long.
And well,
honestly, look, I didn't give my opinion on the
Colombia 1 issue because it didn't give me any.  time let's go we
would have been there live we
would have seen your tweets have game
thank you very much welcome and two
because I am almost not informed at all
on the subject of Colombia okay so
when I am not informed of such a
delicate subject that is causing so much
controversy then many times it is better to keep my
mouth shut and look stupid than to
open it and confirm it not to follow like that
then to say any
[ __ ] because really when I
get involved in the political issues of my
own country it is because more or less I already know
where the shots are going you know that I
am not an expert but well
I try not to get too involved in
delicate subjects in the sense of respect okay
above all respect the opinions javi
thanks for so much entertainment I hope
life gives you back all the good
that you give us it gives it back to me with you
devil thank you very much so let's see
correct me if I'm wrong correct me if
I'm wrong because I promise you that I am not
informed at all. Hello Xavi, I am the
cry of tweets the cry that passes scream
shouted they pass you by here less than
Austria what's going on how are you I am
very happy to hear from you that you are here
with me  also in tweets to see
if it was trending topic number one
in the whole world it has been with 48 hours am I
wrong let's see correct me if I'm wrong
the issue of Colombia the issue of Colombia I
think it comes because Antonio a
thank you very much welcome the one from
Mexico I have no idea karime there yes he
has to say zero patatero because
that one I have no idea can you hear
us well he is listening very loudly
lately I have said that the exact ones
heard a little saturated if it is heard
very loud let me know for the next one
but let's see the issue of Colombia of
Colombia of Colombo it was a very
funny series where he writes to you here in
Spain but well the issue of Colombia
Hector thank you very much welcome if I'm
not mistaken it is that the government has
wanted to make a reform in the
fiscal area not a reform of the
tax agency of taxes do not correct me if
I'm wrong because I already told you that I do not know
the issue of Colombia is that the
government has wanted to make a
very unfair reform that could suffocate many
people no and  people well go out to the
streets to protest and complain okay
then I think I think the problem has
come because as always in matters of
demonstrations there are people
thanks for your streams churra greetings
from the Canary Islands a huge hug
thank you very much
when there are always demonstrations in
these things well there are people there are people
who do well they demonstrate they
demonstrate in a very civilized way
not in a way I think we should all go out
to the streets and never let
our rights be trampled on and
never let us be abused okay and
less when one
thing was promised and then it is not being fulfilled
but of course there are people who do it in a
civilized and good way but in between there are
always people putting their foot in it who do
not demonstrate in a peaceful way
no then I think that the commotion has
come a bit from there not because there have
been attacks on people who were
demonstrating even correct me if I'm
wrong I think there have been deaths it can't be it could
be or the figure right
javi have you found out what has happened
here in Castellón due to a clash
between police and protesters for the
visit of the king with sticks beating that has
given the police well but well but well
live thank you very much a
huge hug and welcome to vison a lot
of things accumulated
one of those reforms of Duke and another the
corruption about Uribe well but
basically superficially the issue
would be that no the issue would be that apart from
the people who were demonstrating in a
civilized way there were people putting their
foot in it they can't go there shooting am I
wrong it
could go there then the shooting has
gone too far for more than one with the
aggressions not
because of what with all sun it is that after
the protests they continued because of
excessive police brutality and because they
take advantage of the government's attention to
demand improvements in health and pensions
well I don't know I was getting ready to watch the
video of Dallas I don't know if I should give it a
little context well of what is
happening in Colombia to see on YouTube see
what is usually reported you can't fall
more or worse but at least that is what it
has
no I don't know if you have seen the video
I have posted the following tweet to see if
I am wrong it is not worth it because of course there having
been the one that had  tied up on
twitter as I say I haven't seen I haven't seen
anything about Colombia okay I haven't
seen any debate I haven't seen on
youtube the one that talks about the subject nor have I
seen all the tweets from Dallas ok
whatever we're going to watch it now on virgin
what I have seen has been videos from
salt channels you have spoken about
the subject so the opinion is quite
subjective but it does catch my attention
because there are channels that generally
tend to be against giving them or they don't
like Dallas very much and they have
given a point in favor then on the
opposite this tweet okay when I saw
today the Spanish television rtve and
Thursday throwing [ __ ] at Dallas with
certain headlines no thing that catches my
attention no because this in
these media only
catches their attention and they only
find the links relevant when they are
from Dallas [ __ ] it just caught my
attention a lot because then there are
many shits on youtube and if they showed all the
faces of all the youtube why wouldn't it
catch my attention so in the end I
say and well a channel like mine talks
about everything
but no  Thursday only when on YouTube it
's right-wing or Dallas okay and RTVE well
that already did it on another occasion Franco thank you
very much welcome this yes my
prediction my prediction has been a little bit
of staff let's
see if I guess I promise
you that I haven't seen anything yet and
I will react virgin in today's live
like that base okay or so it's going to be the
literal not taken time ok
tomorrow we have here precisely in
Colombian tomorrow at 10 in the morning
Mexican time and at 5 in the afternoon Spanish time
we have a live here on tweets with
Juan Guarnizo with Mr. Juan Guarnizo
one of the YouTubers well YouTuber
streamer number one in Spanish speaking ok
so I want you all tomorrow
here activate notifications or
set an alarm do or do it as you
see but tomorrow I want you all here
punctual okay in fact still immersed
in prepared for the talk because I
already told you that I am going [ __ ] or in other words I am going
with four channels
today I recorded a video that will come out
tomorrow on the main channel I am
not saying anything I am not saying anything okay they
came to me from the debate  with these guys no
by the way I loved the debate okay I
loved it for the best especially well the
part more than anything car thank you very
much Carmen thank you very much especially
especially the part with Quesada I thought he was
a good guy that in the end despite there is
more of hof mention of music but
your name doesn't come to mind but thank you very much
welcome despite the differences no
despite the fact that each one of us has our
opinion and we didn't reach a middle ground
any agreement because obviously it's
not that I don't want to get off my high horse
it's that no one is going to convince me in that
aspect of well what they wanted to make me
understand I
have my opinion he has his he
doesn't give up on his either but despite
that we were able to have a talk with
respect okay and well with the other guy
despite being a little more things are
a little more complicated because we had
our clash it
wasn't either blood ran into the
river I hope it stays there and then
the truth is he was one of the ones I
liked the most on the part of three and it's been three
years in protests it's not just because of the
reform Natalia thank you very much
okay for everything you can telling me
I appreciate the little audio
that I don't know the subject Eric thank you very much
above all respect the opinions ok
because I know that there will be people in the chat
who each think in their own way ok
so you can give me the
information you want but respect each
other that we belong to
the same family of kids ok and
nothing basically that is what
has bothered me a little is the
issue of the fandom that it has ok because
despite the fact that it is a debate that is a
pleasure to listen to it really is a debate
that gives pleasure like that it gives a lot of debate
when they are not touching your dick taking
things out of context when they
are not trying to attack you and
decontextualize you and you can talk
calmly without disrespect it
is nice to debate what does bother me a
little the people of their funds not because
the whole video is full of comments like
what a humiliated batch or what a
drag what was explained a 4 not be
a series of laws that from my point
of view sincerely
when you win you win when you lose you
lose when there is humiliation there is
when there is from my point of view
yesterday's debate there was no humiliation  for
none of the three for me it was a
talk in which each of us could
express our points of view
we don't respect the three of us in a certain
way not in the end especially me with that he
knows that he was with me and it's that for me there is
no humiliation or rather I wouldn't
like them to go to those comments
no and I told him and what a drag he lost
several sacks the reform was the cup that
spilled the glass among many other things I do
n't understand I say then I would
like to go to those comments one by
one and tell them well let's see tell me where is
the sack where is the humiliation
I don't consider that any of the
three came out humiliated
none of the three came out reviewing the
other or rather each one has put in their part and
each one has maintained their point of view
in the end each one of us has our
way of thinking very clear and it was nice the
truth was nice now all the debates
are like that and the truth is he came out
delighted to meet a new youtuber
that he didn't know like saddam or
well then this tweet let's see what you
think let's
see if I guess I promise I haven't
seen anything yet and I will react virgin in
today's live my riddle in the
next one
they burned dallas again in the plaza
simply for being him I don't
know if dallas might have said something
impertinent I don't know if dallas might have
said something disrespectful okay we'll see
today okay but it seems to me it seems to me that
more than anything the burning in the plaza was
because of being him okay I don't know I already have a
feeling you have to be the people always
start the haters the haters who are
more loyal than the fake ones you're always going
to defend him you're going to pass he always
always comes out to defend him when he gets involved
but it's always dallas it's always
dallas it's always him it
's always the one that if they make a rhyme to
him in the freestyle er from marbella back it's that they have to do it he gives it to him why don't they make the rhyme with with the pedophile joke to someone else if they had made the joke to ibai how would people have fallen I wonder if they would have brought it up in the debate that question no if the joke
had been instead of the law by how would it
be  would have taken the gang they would have seen
the ban well or not or the smoke would have
continued to be humor using tweets
using fake tweets and casually cheering and
casually cheered by the progressive press
like on Thursday or RTVE they falsified tweets they
didn't
falsify okay well it's that people
tell me yes more or less accurate
more or less and that I'm a fortune teller
exactly no more or less this is what they've been
saying and I'm getting ready to watch the video okay
I'm getting ready to watch videos
dallas let's see what bird tells
the upload the review
before starting the video before
starting the video I'm suffering an
exaggerated harassment campaign based on
fake tweets there are people dedicated to
painting me as the bad guy in all this
when I'm the serious one the serious one let's see
in continue let's see
far from you liking someone well or
badly
far from you liking someone well or badly they
falsified another site
or in other words someone has dedicated themselves to
falsifying some tweets I
find the period in front of the nickname
and the accent on the y strange
and the government in lowercase
is that it usually is  a person who
writes well, I know his way of
writing,
I would go literal and I would
hear it on the radio, I support all the
reasons for the demonstrations one hundred
percent, I support it 100 percent, in my opinion,
these cases do need diffusion, it's
terrible that it happens, in fact,
the guilty ones must be found and condemned, in
fact, what we cannot allow is
people spreading false stories to
win the DT, it's a lack of respect for
the true victims, one hundred percent
these tweets are false, there are
people insulting me, threatening me, who
are already unfollowing me for
tweets that I never posted, I don't understand how it
is possible that after everything I have
taught you in my videos, to inform yourself
before speaking, to search for
information, to investigate, there are people who,
even my subscribers, are capable of
believing that I would post these things, how
can it be? I support the reasons for the
demonstrations and I ask that
justice be done for the people who
unjustly took their lives. Thank you very
much, thank you very much, King, welcome,
I am very glad to have you here,
precisely because people are capable
of believing  some tweets that are
clearly me the video is 46 minutes long
and unfollowing me and
insulting me and threatening me for this
reason it seems to me brad an insult to
intelligence and the worst thing is that it is not the
first time that they have done this to me and I am fed up
also ammunition with the
Tommy issue against those that I have always
fought and I will always fight has been
with people who say with the issue of take what
take refers to the only thing I have
dedicated myself to arguing at the moment
is false information they are
constantly spreading
100% false information about the demonstrations
everywhere and that is the only thing I
dedicated myself to denying the worst thing is that I
support the reason for the demonstration is
what is the problem so guys
can you tell me the producers of
knowledge not to defend anyone or
anything I am totally virgin on this
subject if you can contribute my information
about what is happening in Colombia and
about why people have become
so irritated I appreciate it from Tommy 11 that they
took something out of context from Tommy from
Dallas about  take the other just
from that I founded fake information
fake stories that people put together on
social networks to take advantage of the situation
and gain a few retweets and
public attention and that is exactly what I
want to combat from it
the fake information of people who
spread stories that are false and that is
a lack of respect for the
true ones
in this video you will see several examples of
people spreading fake stories victims
of cases that do need to be spread
for real like this one I am showing
now on screen this does need to be
spread for real anyway listen to the
video until the end really because I
am frustrated and ximo with this topic and it
depresses me it disappoints me that people
even my own followers are
capable of creating this false garbage before I
start giving my opinion on this whole
issue tell you what has
happened if any of you have still come in to
complain about the injustices that are
happening I would like first of all to
send a hug to all the people of
Colombia who have been my followers for a
long time this situation is
simply not good for anyone
never when it happens it has many
consequences not on a social level but on an
economic level and to all
possible levels that a country can have and it
's simply not a pleasant experience to
encounter that insecurity of not
even going out into the street
calmly out of fear. I know what I'm talking about
because a few years ago I also
had to live through it when I was still living in
Spain in 2011 there were also
super super super
violent demonstrations in Plaza Catalunya you can
look up information if you want and I lived
right next door see so many
consequences afterwards in the area the
general security of the
country of the entire area prevents you from being
calm with your life in this mind it's
something horrible and I don't wish it on anyone and I
sincerely hope that this gets worse we got
irritated by your indolent tone lost
by your tone or Natalia pass as soon as
possible knowing that make it very clear that
I was not going to make a video on this topic
at all because I am not an
informative okay I don't have to
touch on all the current issues and my
job I talk about the topics that I
want and when I feel like it I have no
obligation if that's why I was
n't going to get involved in the first place because I
'm not well informed on the subject you know I ca
n't say later  offend anyone or
look like an idiot, no, and
secondly, because maybe the topic itself doesn't
interest me and I don't feel like
commenting. There are many topics that I feel like
commenting on because something
about the topic irritates me. You know why something about the
topic irritates me because something bothers me because I
want to give voice to an opinion that I
have against the
general voice. Okay, I can have a
news program on a news outlet and
get information out about everything that's
happening in the world. There are things that
maybe I inform myself about, but I keep it
to myself because if I don't have anything to
contribute, I have no reason to say anything. I
mean, to simply make a video
saying how bad things are, well, I do
n't make any videos.
I mean, we all know perfectly well how
horrible the situation is. We've
seen the videos, like there are riots, with
joy, and thank you very much. Welcome,
before in the street, about how there are deaths in
the street, videos that I'm going to show us
here because YouTube doesn't like them, but you
've all seen
tiff, thank you very much. And also,
even if I wanted to, I have no
way of being able to help, how could I help? I
've never been to Colombia in my
life, why  reason was I going to make a
video or simply explaining something like that
and also I predicted it one of my
live shows I said let it be a video simply
saying strength Colombia a lot of encouragement a
lot of help and I won't say anything else
people have to tell me you're taking advantage you're
profiting the truth would be partly
right because to talk about something and not
contribute absolutely nothing for me
simply ine thank you very much I put
a tweet I think I put a tweet I don't know if I
want to put it but I think I did I
put a tweet and sending some love not
to all the people who follow me from Colombia
Eduardo thank you very much because I have
a lot of people who follow me in Colombia
let's see exactly how many
we're going to see exactly how many people from
Colombian v
[Music]
5% 5% of the people who are
subscribed to my channel are from Colombia so
well as my team because
all the information that I handle
usually comes from the
team that sends me things and that
helps me in my work well they told me more
or less the move they told me that there was a
problem they told me  that there were people
going through a bad time and I simply sent a
loving message to all my people in
Colombia okay you can also send
a loving message to people without
needing to investigate
too much on the subject either no
I don't think that many times maybe a
word of love well thank you also doesn't
help you much no because they don't
do anything against the
tequila problem thank you very much because I was going to
talk about something in fact I think it
takes away something super important from you and that is that
I never talk about controversies in
general that I can contribute
absolutely nothing to when I talk about something
even controversial topics between
youtubers ict or kers or whatever it
is always to give a
different opinion after having informed myself
thoroughly of what I'm talking about but
if literally I have absolutely nothing to
contribute why am I going to talk and this
was a topic about which honestly I
had nothing more than to
say what I said at the
beginning which I have already said many
times live to whoever thinks it is okay
that there are people who are dying to nobody
I have to come here to state the
obviousness of the matter  the obvious thing is how
bad that this is happening because there are people
who are dedicated to contacting
hi javi I could barely donate beats I would
like you to congratulate me on my
birthday with much happiness from angel
I hope you have a great day and to be able to
congratulate you for many more years
worth a huge hug I had a
great time
constantly influencers and there are some
influences like for example pan guarnizo who
is Colombian I just entered
saba who was Mexican I'm sorry juan who I
am insisting with jay
Colombian his family Colombian in
fact his mother won so much and
so many times he ended up exploding
in a live and ended up insulting
all the people who asked him to talk
about the subject of Colombia and in part he is able
to understand the people who ask him to
talk about the subject of Colombia that they do not
do it with bad intentions they do it
with weening continue as when we had
come to see it is like when they see themselves
and it is that what are you saying hang on because he is from
Colombia but it is that to me an Andalusian
who have come to me  all the people
please hub and talk about Colombia and it's
like but what am I going to talk about? I am a
salsa youtuber or let's see if it's
true that I get into cultural battles
many times but that of my country, dude,
how am I going to talk about a country that I'm not in,
you know,
but what a summer if something happens it's that the
two of us I say depends on the topic that I
feel like I can contribute an opinion or
a different point of view
with my people, they understand me but I'm not
obligated and even less so Juan, a gameplay youtuber,
a gameplay youtuber, why does he get
into that mess? The intention was to
help
people protesting for
health and tax reform while
people were demonstrating the police
attacked the people with bullets, they already
removed the tax reform but
not yet the health reform,
what happens to Javi is that in reality
Dallas did not take into account that this comes
from November 2019 and because of Kobe it was paused
due to fear and because of the reform
the discontent was reactivated what happened with
Dallas was not good
okay now we'll see the tweets to see what the
hell he posted that has offended
people so much let's see if he has slipped up on
something simply for being him no but
basically let's see I would be offended by
this vest or rather this vest the
truth is that it looks like it's from Jordi's store
cool Alejandro thank you very much
welcome king welcome
today that bile I put on the six
month member and it only gave me the
level 2 medal what proceeds it will give me the
maximum medal as the months go by I put on
the six month member how can you
put on a six month member what do you
mean by six month member I did
n't understand you azzurra sorry are
you referring to the emblem that appears
next to it depending on the time you have subscribed
which has already been six months I imagine
that will be automatic
for him this is the 10 billionth time
that they tell him the same thing and they don't let him
do his usual content which has
nothing to do with controversial news or
anything it ends up exploding like what happened here
continue as you are now have it with
Jordi there's going to be a joke are you  the
typical ones the typical clothes from
Jordi's store just like they do with llamas he said
what happened year a joke when I have an
extensible of annoying right now the
Colombians asking me to talk about the
subject of the reform that I don't know what that of
the marches friends please can you
stop demanding people to whom it is not
their obligation to talk about those types of
subjects please please holy god
demand that they speak to the media demand
that politicians speak to the
people who have public positions but
why do you demand a 24 year old idiot
who is dedicated to playing games and watching
things to talk about those types of subjects but
why am I obligated to talk about these
types of things [ __ ] your mother demand it from
the people that you should demand not from me
pieces come thank you
well the rest of the styps
to heat water this is the first time that
one goes like that
or rather the first time that I water without it they have had to
touch their balls a lot
be literally they have had to touch their
balls that you [ __ ] it is the first time
that I see him like that  kid gets
a lot more explicit I'm not putting it here
because it gets really insulting and it's not
necessary you got the context
the book gets worse so this did
n't just happen to him it happened to
me and the truth is it doesn't bother me when they tell me this
even live because I'm a
person who likes to give his opinion in
general about evo the topics that I think I
can contribute something that has
started to bother me is that they've
even started writing to me on my media that I
use exclusively for work to
bother me on sites that I don't use to
contact people there are places
to contact people there are my
social networks youtube comments
twitter instagram there are a lot of
sites to make contact with me but
that they are already dedicated to using and even
media that I use for work to
tell me a topic I had nothing to say about it
until now well I
perfectly understand why he gets so
pissed off I had never said it that
way honestly I have done it I have
spoken that way to people and he
cancels me everywhere because the fact that
he can express himself that way  but
honestly it's a bit like I
have nothing to say like when
they ask me what I think about an attack it's like I
have nothing to say about it
hahaha it got intense I understand I
understand how bad it's horrible what
happened I can contribute something I can't
contribute absolutely anything where I
feel that my opinion not to contribute anything I
prefer not to contribute at all
literally they sent me messages from all over the
place there live in fact I
showed people how in just that
four hours I've sent 10 emails
to my work email and if email isn't there
for people to send me that kind of
thing it really is and it's for me to
work on hiring things to
write the IMEI you have to put the
word hiring they write to me
knowing that it's not a hiring
anyway it seemed too much to me honestly
so finally I said ok okay I'm
going to inform myself and we'll give an opinion
on the subject if people are so insistent that they
want me to talk about the subject I will
inform myself and I'm going to talk about the subject and
first of all my opinion on Javier
thank you very much for what caused
these demonstrations in the first place
This mind I am 100% in agreement with the
reasons for the demonstration and because it is
basically in short, as you
all know, because of the pandemic,
many countries have gone through an
economic crisis that some are already going through and
others are seeing what will happen
in the future of how
that economic crisis will reach them. This is not that it is the
fault of one government, it
is the fault of the pandemic that the whole
world has experienced and it is an
economic recession that
practically all countries are suffering. What
happens is that the Colombian government has
tried to raise taxes on several
different things to try to
somehow compensate to be able to reorganize
that budget in some of the
projects that they had, among those
projects was one to give a
lifetime salary between 20 and 150.
Notice, thank you very much, sale of dollars
depending on the level of poverty, which I
am also totally against
because, as explained, many times the
poor are not lifted out of poverty by giving them
money and until they are lifted out of poverty by
giving them the resources so that they can
effectively get out of poverty and you do not
simply give them money and that's it, that
person is not in itself contributing to the
rest, they are not contributing to the rest.
society I've already put a lot of time there is no
not only that okay here in Spain
what happens let's see the issue
of having a subsidy there is very good but of course the
word subsidy means this you know
so you can eat so you can
pay for your things so you can
survive while you find something while
you prepare for something whatever what
happens is that there are many people who
abuse that I do
n't know if the same thing happens in another country
but here in Spain it happens a lot you give
someone a
minimum living wage in fact
whatever they want to call it and there were many
people who abuse that they would start
working illegally or they wouldn't work
simply even with the sun it is
enough for a beer and for
popcorn necessary economic examples
here but exactly the same as
when people tell you don't
feed the animals in the forest because
because when it's winter and you're not
there to feed them they won't know how to
look for their own food well this is
basically the same as when the government
is not there to pay them to go back to
madness and in general since what
I am  100% agree is that
governments are a monopoly a
horrible monopoly that can never go
bankrupt and when they do what they
do is screw the entire country
which the vast majority of governments in
the world are not Latin America in the
world are very poorly built because
they start to set up what are known as
chiringuitos it is basically here in
Spain also the chiringuito that I am
looking forward to a party that comes out that gets
out of the middle of all those chiringuitos
okay who wants to stay in a
chiringuito working to see who
works in a chiringuito who comes up with
the salary who comes up with the salary and that they do
not live off their versions because I have to
subsidize an
association that I am not using and
that bothers me the most
because on top of it then the associations are
used as a scourge okay because I have to
with my money with all the
taxes I pay I have to maintain
a feminist association okay because
because I have to maintain associations
of my ass
that are maintained with the money of the
people who want to pay the fee pointed out
the method very much to the dick those
beach bars the truth is about setting up a
nonsense that nobody needs to
plug four friends in there, skipping the
politician and starting to give them salaries to
do absolutely nothing is knowing
the terrible truth happens
everywhere, the amount of money that would open public and
the money that would be left over public and the
taxes that could be lowered if it
weren't for the scoundrels that there are
from Colombia to Ireland to
anywhere and it's a simple fact of
human nature and it's how
humans work and play with money that isn't
yours then you do whatever you
want extras different depending on whether
the money is yours or if it's someone else's like
politicians are always playing with
money that isn't theirs but belongs to
other people then they spend it however they
want which for me the fact
of raising taxes in
Colombia in the middle of peace
Jim Phoenix thank you very much that a
beach bar came back a beach bar is
supposed to be a company okay it's supposed to be
a subsidized company and they give them a
thousand dollars in stamps and people
avoid doing overtime for  prevent
them from taking away that aid
the chiringuito because it is
a company that receives the
subsidy to because it considers that it does
a job that is necessary for our
society okay and the government
subsidizes it with x amount of money to whatever
happens as a Madrilenian you will be happy
with what we have achieved with Ayuso and
Elche de Paz very happy Iglesias that I do
not greet test very happy and I love to
see the progressives crying on Twitter do not
be so crybabies okay because at the
end of the day what they have to do is a little
self-criticism and realize that
the most and what I hear the most on
Twitter what I hear the most what I
read the most on Twitter is half of half
the majority of Madrid and I is that the
rise of the PP in Madrid
the rise of the right in general in
Madrid has been brutal it has been brutal
you know that there is no it has not been from one
extreme to the other man I had the votes of
2019 with those of this year has been brutal
the difference in how people take off the
blindfold are they
realizing  that they can't vote for parties
that lie to your face and do
nothing to benefit the
country's economy or the citizens, that's
not left and that's going to happen in the
general elections
there are many people who have said no no look,
in the general elections the left came out and
in Madrid it was already there the PP was already there
well yes but the other gene let's see what
the change has to do with it the change the
numbers that have changed
okay it's been brutal and in the general elections the
same thing is going to happen beastly
but well little by little little by little I'm
becoming a chiringuito it would basically be that
a company that someone creates who
has schools with people from the government
then with the government and the subsidy
to subsidy to that company and it gives them I don't know
x amount of money a year it's worth a lot of money and
there are even chiringuito that apart
from charging subsidies they charge a fee and it's
like they don't attend you for free
without paying the fee and it's like then the
subsidy ludwing thank you very much
because all Spaniards
are paying a subsidy to this
company that isn't helping me it's
senseless okay but they are simply
made for freeloaders, for freeloaders
Okay, and in Spain there are little ones and
berries and beach bars, okay, especially
this feminist digit beach bar,
anyway, what am I going to tell you and it's what she's
saying, right? Basically, of
course, when you take money that isn't
yours, you handle it and do with it whatever
you want, from me, hoping that
people are going to repay the projects and
then you're bad if you go to pay taxes in
Andorra, okay, then you're bad if you
go to pay taxes in Andorra because the [ __ ] you don't have any
left here and you keep those
beach bars, no, among other things,
beach bars like corruption with other
things, leftist and without any
sense that you have, the whole country itself
is wrong, not just the political class
totally, and look, my opinion on
politics is that the human being is not
capable of creating a politician, a
political party because we are all
vermin fed by the people,
totally, dude, totally, to
this day there is no party that has
shown me one hundred percent that look, that
blindly looks out for the people and that
really knows what it is, what it
has to be, it knows that not about the  the
projects you have are nonsense
ale it's an absurd ignition then it
's okay that they demonstrate I am
totally in favor of people being
able to demonstrate even more when they don't
agree with something and the thing is that they
literally achieved it they got
the government to implement
that tax reform that they were making
and also the Colombian finance minister
resigned live hello everyone friend I
confirm that my mother is fine
a hug to Manuel later I'll send you the
photo who lost the most churra the sign I
forgot remind everyone
when I'm going to leave to send the photo
to poor Manuel first surname you can
see your time is going by after my
hand unlike other cases in
which I did not agree with the reasons
that cleanse you
now Manuel when we finish this
deal I will do everything you want me to
take the notebook to write there is a phrase
in the notebook and they take my photo here
since the demonstrations
for example some cases have occurred to me in the
US where they are demonstrating for things that make
no sense in this case it
is one of the cases where today I
agree  It definitely doesn't make any
sense because they were doing it but
to just say this I wouldn't have made
a video why would I make a video and
frank what I agree with what
people say when I make a video I
like to provide a different perspective to
people cut the other side of the coin
something that people may not have
thought about and that people in general
are not saying because to say
ridiculous messages that some
influencers have made and I infinitely doubt that they have
informed themselves in the least about the case I have
spent hours and hours and hours investigating
and god the law of
electoral reforms in Colombia a lot of
things that I have informed myself all day
with that these influencers who are dedicated
to putting Colombian force say nothing more
if they really have not done even the
slightest investigation why are they here
and here they are making a mistake in the sense
that in some they will be right because yes it
is true that there are many times that
things are done for posturing now let's
see how the fashion turns out today not
what is the fashion today we have to send
a little message to Colombia to look good
come on I love you Colombia Miguel
thank you very much
but there will  many, me, me, let's go, I want to
think that the majority of influencers who have
posted a message of support because they
really want to send support, it's worth
taking the fact that you have
informed yourself on the subject and that someone with
good intentions puts out support, Colombia, you
don't have to destroy the
message of others, hey, if the others
are saying go ahead, Colombians
are not doing anything wrong, the problem
would be if they posted something offensive, okay,
leaving aside the fact that there are
some who have done it for posturing
without having a [ __ ] clue how
things are going or leaving aside the fact that you do
n't know if what he has posted
has been informed, we inform ourselves, I think
that even if you are going to post that, m or the
Azzurra how handsome it is today, just thank you are
seeing, thank you very much -
inform yourself of what you are talking about, in the
first place, it is that it has put my hand to the fact that
these people have not
fully looked at anything, they have simply seen
two or three videos saying, oh if I put on
goal, Colombia won many retweets,
strong Colombia is already advanced,
hahaha let's see, there will be some that are like that
but man, me, me  I understand that a gesture
of heart there will be some who have
done it like that but it is not to be generalized either.
Bonus, a lot of retweets and a lot of
family. Well, yes, I do not know who
because I do not know if it was reported with the
Colombian newspapers, let me tell you
that he is in charge. I do not like
this type of influencer attitude anymore. Personally, it makes me feel uncomfortable. I feel that he did not contribute anything to the people by saying such an incredibly basic message, especially given such a complex topic. Now, what happened and what led me to make this video was not live and people,
as they know, the difference between someone who is
not doing it out of position and not someone who is
doing it to, well, it is not known, it is not
known directly, it is not known. Look, for
example, Luisito communicates to help him, he
put a tuya del osito communicates, not in a
way that it was an agreement but legally, he
communicates what was seen on a salt channel, I know
or okay, he put something legally, he communicates
of the good stick, but you are informed, I do not
know exactly, I do not know exactly
if he communicates, he put a tweet, the stick
like that, I do not visit it, he communicates at the end of his
Instagram story, yes, he spoke a
little about the subject like that
that I knew what I was talking about when I tell you that you should never generalize that yes there will be many influences that have done it simply to look good okay and learned let's see it doesn't cost anything to give people the pleasure of giving them encouragement in
a nice word javi thank you very much
welcome where was literal spam now there's
nothing wrong with it no I'm
always the same question what do you think about
Colombia and an ethical plan that I don't
know I haven't informed myself yet I haven't seen
everything to be able to give an opinion on
it there was a moment when I really got
angry because they told me what was
happening was that there were
military tanks shooting at civilians and
killing them it was just like the words they
told me about that I'm going to show you what I
believe this message is quite terrifying
although it is about war killing civilians this
is honestly very strong so that you
get an idea we barely saw the
Arab Spring which was practically
one of the most violent political movements
and that has ended with
entire countries completely destroyed and
governed by guerrillas and vidic
saw Aaron's kit saying that he continues
with serious traumas
two in  warlords as happened
for example in Libya or Syria but
when you look for it you have to I found
that this is not true that simply
this information is not true
at first I believed it with
many of you you believe much more
information and now in this video I am going
to explain the reality of this
information is that many people use this
false information to manipulate
you and on top of that if you do not believe
this false information you will harass and destroy
people when in reality this
false information is harmful to
everyone it is not that you say no well
but it is okay to spread
false information because the government is
[ __ ] no and spreading false information
harms you too even if you are
against the Colombian government and
because now we will see people are
so incredibly sensitized and they
are literally incapable of
questioning themselves the information
that reaches them there is information that is so
horrible that it reaches you that any
minimal possibility that someone
tells you this may not be true what they
do is attack the person who
says that it is not true in order to
favor
false information like this one about the tanks or more
remotely  similar to me about
tanks is that riot cars
which are armored vans launch
tear gas to prevent people from
gathering and dispersing
that's basically the objective of
riot police but they don't exist they don't exist
although it is military shooting and killing
civilians that's not real in order to say
this I'm not laughing that people
are suffering I
have a friend from there and I haven't been
able to communicate or rather well she appears
soon at all I'm not supporting that they
hurt people it's ridiculous to
think about it despite this there are people who
are so exaggeratedly sensitized
that if you tell them that information
is not true
what they do is throw you out and that's basically what they've
done to me the moment I
wanted to inform myself on this
subject I promise you that you're going to be amazed at
the amount of false information that
well sometimes it doesn't have to be
simply because you question
also a little what pushes it is the
fact that it is the known because look at
the moment that
to see if sometimes for the bed and the bed
at the moment that at the moment that look there
is a  group of people on twitter okay
so much on twitter he is the usual ones
okay they are a group of people and
personalities and friends from the
media with contacts in the
media and with contact with other
twitterers and they send each other tweets through
private groups okay they believe and
have the illusion these stories are not
a real story okay they have the illusion they have
the illusion hey like the ones who believe in
the three wise men and these things well they
have the illusion and the faith that at
some point
Dallas is going to be brought down that in one
of these controversies everyone is going to
subscribe to Dallas everyone is going to
hate it and Dallas is no longer going to be able to live
off YouTube the internet is going to have to disappear
because everyone is going to
hate it and it is going to have to leave this life
okay there are many people who live with that
illusion I promise you and who have faith that
this is going to happen and from here I
tell them no
okay look I can be wrong and in
fact I have been wrong eight hundred
times throughout my career on
YouTube that I have five years Dallas
will be  wrong five thousand times
throughout his ten-year career on YouTube, I
think he's leading the way.
Juan Mari, forward Aurum, play with
Michu. We're all going to make mistakes, okay,
but never unless it's at the level of
Peluchín. Man, I always fought and it was, look at
Peluchín. I don't even understand the
frustrated people who get angry over their simple
messages of support for Colombia. Let's support
Colombia and that's it. Go Colombians,
Colombia. Thank you very much, thank you very much. Let's
see,
even Peluchín himself with what he
did. If he had wanted to, he could have gotten
his channel going later. And I think he
was the YouTuber who
did the worst. Something like that comes to mind. What
comes to mind? I think he
has hair. He was the YouTuber who did
the biggest stupid thing. I
think we're going to serve the head. Right now,
another program, Peluchín lived. I didn't. Well,
even so, and Peluchín was already canceled
because it continued today, it continued and continued and
continued, but those people don't need
this treatment.
Okay, for me, that person, for me, that
person, those people, those people who
have that faith and that illusion need
treatment because they're not capable. Yes, it
's true.  the Russian for example was the
worst example no but well unless it
's a stupid thing to commit a crime in
a live or kill someone or
do something terrible not a rape
something tremendous not a murder something is not
going to kick him off the internet or they are going to cancel him
from the internet definitively or anything maybe he will
have a day in which people are
against him the next day the
subject will change and he will continue his career and
continue growing and while those
people are frustrated with their lives
okay they even create accounts look
there's one there's a lady who should be
making a brooch okay of course she is
dedicated to posting things through an
account that is created as if she
creates an account for you when I
have to say something about other people that I do
n't like I say it from my account I
have nothing to hide and if I get
reprisals I will have them but I say it from
my account so that it is known what
I say I do not have to be hiding
or from the account of a doll okay of
any doll to be able to say what I
feel because you are not going to achieve
anything with a multi account it is not going to be
done or anything  to
be any kind of damage you understand me you are coming across as obsessed while I am a channel dedicated to other things from crochet to petanque to other things no but if your illusion is that the youtubers that you do not like because they have even succeeded instead of
who you would like to succeed that
will never succeed will
fall because of this type of [ __ ] it will not
happen it will happen to us and then what
happens is that there is a great amount of
violence very similar to what gives the
says that it is false and the problem is that
the media does not talk about it but rather it
has been up to individuals to
inform themselves so it is very complicated so it is not
bad to
always question everything or at least be
a little skeptical then that group of
people who are always the same and
are always on twitter watching our every
move watching even
every day our social blade okay the
other day for example because of that some
videos the day that I made the passes with
pain obviously he deleted the mayo
because his thing we agreed on that it is not a
typical agreement that is made for two to
solve problems no and that they
also  they could do if they wanted to no
but what videos have they deleted seriously
you get up in the morning you have a
coffee and you get into the sociable and mine of the
charisma of truth the potato is pending
if we delete and we don't delete I
decide we lose followers say we
gained 10,000 live your life and try to
achieve what we achieved
try to succeed because you're not going to get
us to stop being
as we are
okay well every time there's a
movement like this they are always cheered on by that
group of people because they get excited you know how to
be dalla there are people who say that it's a
[ __ ] they get excited they get excited they
get excited and they start posting things
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta and they make me feel sorry for me it makes me feel
sorry for them actually because they think
that for this there is support this morning
already to give it does not exist the morning canceled
called tomorrow give the new earn without a hundred
thousand euros a month or 100 thousand as if I say
42 50 I don't know what dallas earns okay that's
it but well tomorrow of the new earn
six thousand one hundred thousand euros why why
why are you retweeting these
things because you are sharing and
passing these tweets between yourselves and
why have you gone to the press to tell them to
publish this type there is
a lot of shame there is a
lot of shame and then I already at the
moment that I took a certain group of
people moving and sharing things
like for example the usual yes exactly
forward they are like the teletubbies I am give
give sadness really because look
if they used the same impetus the same in
the same impetus that they have in trying to
screw others and they will use the same
time and the same profit which is that they
monitor every tweet that I put up they compare a
tweet of mine with that of a person that
what I put up with what you put up we
are not Siamese twins I talk about the
controversies because I am a youtuber
who comments controversy and period that we are
colleagues we are colleagues there are times that
we agree there are times that there are
times to say but our entire movement
the social blay the tricolors linked
12 hours on twitter talking about you haha
and that girl comes from the same group they are already
all from the same group and it's as if you were
using the same desire and the same
enthusiasm in your own work you would have
nothing to envy us you
would have success too but in fact
you have failure because you are focused on
those things you know what I mean I don't know I think that's where
the nineties thing is going the
moment that I see that Dallas because they
started asking on twitter
what is happening in Colombia or
something like that I say it with the tone that I say it
already forms a god it's like being in
Dallas well go go you can't
talk you can't open your mouth let
them open their mouths so there will be they
go towards you
what are you going to see I'm going to show you a
video shows how they cut some videos they
show them here they say is that they are
doing this it's not true well they are
doing things differently so you can see how people see it they spread a lot of false information by literal alange look I don't have time for acne or I don't even see what I put when I see what I charge or the visits that I had on the
best something I did at the end of the month youtube
you  He sent an email okay can I clarify the
social go they don't show you the real visits
because as I was deleting and uploading
directly and deleting what I have done this
month between the two channels 7 million
visits
okay I find out because YouTube has
finally sent an email and I find out
what I earned each quarter
why because I have to do the
invoices you know I do the invoice pombo now
and for leisure it has been good even bad hello
Javi sorry for interrupting happy stream
thank you very much ron but the thing is that that
person watches on social play I mean
because you are on social play
the worst thing is that there are already things that have
gone wrong by messing around with those things of
multiple accounts and things like that how are you going to
continue with multiple accounts are you going to continue
doing things be it dedicate yourself to petanque
dedicate yourself to something else I don't know but no no
with there is a group of people that you
block and they create accounts to go back
such that it was burning recently one of
them asked me for forgiveness recently one of
them asked me for forgiveness do you remember the
face she asked me for forgiveness and after asking me for
forgiveness another one put a tweet and five
minutes later the response is like  if he doesn't
even follow me, he doesn't have a follow,
so you're telling me that every
half hour or so you go on
twitter and type javier oliveira
underscore boom and you're looking for me all day long damn
summer follow and activate
notifications but what a sad life
really if they put the same effort into
their own work they would do better
and then blame others for things
going badly for them you're not doing badly
because you're not paying attention to
others on social media and that doesn't help
anyone even if you're in favor of the
demonstrations you don't help anyone by
spreading false information and making
people believe false information
the truth is the only thing that really
sets you free lying only makes you
ignorant really ignorant and
attacking someone who questions
basic things is of no use to you at
all well I think you can see really if you
look at what's happened to me
recently with all the others it
's really absurd I asked a question
that I think is quite easy to
understand sincerely and that is that as I already
told you the demonstrations in Colombia
achieved their goal they effectively
achieved  who does not promote
this reform to raise taxes and on
top of that the minister of finance resigned
so my question was why are they still
marching the initial objective was
achieved so what is the objective right
now I would like to know if there was
some other reason behind it maybe I
was missing it well the
answers I got coherent
now they show them to you but what I
really got
for asking a very simple question since you are going to see now what you are going to freak out if someone takes down this idiot's social media nobody likes you at all he doesn't dislike you [ __ ] privileged and uniform European before writing you should do it yourself before writing this anyway this mother
[ __ ] don't try to look for controversy in
anything and controversy I am only
reporting something that people asked me
in the first place he is a
privileged white 30 who never went hungry
every day there are reasons to repudiate
Spaniards go [ __ ] yourself thank goodness he
is not Colombian then his tower of
opinion is not worth [ __ ] but if it is
that I did not give my opinion at any time I
was only asking questions then
another saying that I am getting wet  and
questioning the information like an
ignorant calling me scum and
playing
who called him Paulo the
privileged white cis straight Spanish man who
really leaks the incredible racism and
xenophobia that is in all
these comments constantly
trying to attack me for being white for
being European for being straight
those three factors have to do with it in my opinion the
most important thing about the issue is that
in these tweets there is no moment of
any opinion everything is asking a
question not asking that although I understand that it
may make someone uncomfortable because they do not
like being asked things at
no time did I say anything bad you have already
heard my opinion and I did not
agree with the reason for the
demonstrations I would say it but it is that it
connects if I agreed but
literally these people
really see people pretending to be
fans of mine on the internet they are not and they end up
saying closing your account
shitty Spanish I think this is xenophobia is it
true that this is pure and hard xenophobia
as I told you I was not even going to make
a video giving my opinion on this if they are
informing me it was precisely because
people are informing me
3000  quoted 3000 quoted trio being
that I spoke about the subject and what I
receive are some insults and some
insults saying this nonsense the
answer is that I went to your old lady and I
return to fo piece of pe mom
dm or rather incredible seeing more nonsense
firm active insult me ​​more
impressive then I started to
respond to them more things and so some of them I
started to [ __ ] on them because
they are there for that honestly because they are
for real this is the worst of me when that
happens to me what I do start
reporting everything every day
and love that I do not know the exact words that I have to
report and others not every
day I get emails that
accounts that
report have been suspended okay how you insult insult tell me
[ __ ] tell me [ __ ] tell me to
die
what less 5 of what the world gave a lot not
because of lack of respect but
literally less -5 I said before I
started to tell them that they are the
whole circus long before that they were already
insulting me just for this question
just for this miserable question they
were already insulting me wishing me
death is that really if  you start to go
down I swear there you baron what is
all this garbage is true I'm going to go down
quickly if you want you can skip the
video they haven't even read me I'm
sure that if you skip the video at
any time you'll be able to see some real
nonsense facts directly I found more
than one tweet telling me that I hope that
my sister so that I find out that there is
a month in the world this one also
put a lot on me and from this area
she tells you the mouth and it's however you wrap up
everything that you think is
privileged which is Europe, the US and Canada
but then it seems I don't know the Russians
can have an opinion about Latin America
people who live in Dubai that's
privileged in a long time compared
to the Latin American year of this month
is full of ignorance and xenophobia it was
more not being able to of course everything full of
insults everywhere and wishing me
death of course these people are without further ado
the most incredible in the world let's make
one thing clear here very important to be
able to reach the  It is true that
uncomfortable questions need to be asked and
uncomfortable questions are
questions that question the reality
that we are living in and I believe that the question
is very simple and the
initial objective has already been achieved because they continue to
demonstrate. I am not even saying this to
make fun of it, really. I am saying it with
the sole purpose of understanding why
the demonstrations were still continuing. The
answers that they gave me were problems
that either had no solution or that
are totally distorted. The
objective, in other words, the demonstration had
a very clear objective and that is that the law would
not have any effect. It is simple, a
very clear purpose. It can be done as
simple as not doing it, it is already
perfectly feasible and the
effect is achieved. It was this. The problem
with the following reasons. To begin with,
everyone told me a
different reason, according to Nate, they
agreed on why they are demonstrating
right now, today, the world tells me
a totally different reason. Some
say that it is for another reason
because they believe that they have not really removed it
but that they are only pretending
and others told me this. The objective now
is to overthrow the government of Iván Duque. I don't
know that the issue of overthrowing a
government out of season  of elections it
would be something that seemed like a coup d'état
because a lot of people went overboard with Dallas
but I think Dallas didn't make himself
understood well because it sounded like it
was recriminatory. I'm not curious but
as you interpreter it's your problem, don't be
the question, I think it's clear. No, do
n't answer those who don't agree.
The question is why do they continue marching,
the objective as far as each matrix is
as far as it was for the reform and
this has already been discarded because they are still continuing, I
need to know.
Hi Javi, look at the comment by n 67 x l
9 and grab it, I was going down, I
think it would be helpful for your opinion, give
me the comment if you want, all night
on Twitter right now it is something
known as a coup d'état because it is a
state that has been established and you want to
overthrow that state that has been established, it is
literally a coup d'état and that is what
you lost. What was happening with the whole
Arab Spring issue were all
the civil revolutions that existed in the
Middle East, especially
to attack the issue of Libya and now we
are going to talk about it, my question was
a fairly logical question and this  They're not
going to achieve it with demonstrations
instead of voting on
very simple questions and we believe in
democracy. Democracy implies that
people vote because they like it more and because they
like it less. But if what you're trying to do is
hold a demonstration to overthrow an
entire government, as you know, the majority
of people agree with
overthrowing it. As you know, what government do you put
in its place? Well, that's
false. For it to be a coup d'état,
the military has to be involved.
Yes, but it would be a simile, not something literal.
Come on, it went viral. Do you understand? You can't
disarm, okay. You can't overthrow a
government. You can't overthrow a state that has been
created with elections. You
can't, children. It's illegal. Call it a coup
d'état. Let them beat him in the balls,
but you can't. That's why they
're marching now. I don't know. You
can tell me. You can update me on the
information if you want. That doesn't make
sense. Did you imagine that now we're
here in Spain, maybe not because of
Sánchez's government, not with the number of people
there, the same against Sánchez?
Surely the vast majority of the world and
the world, but the vast majority of
voters  in spain the vast majority does
n't want sanchez there where he is, I
mean you can't you can't do that we ca
n't we can't do it
the vast majority of these haters are
brats who want to make noise when
in reality they are daddy's boys who have never
done a stroke of work
greetings monster thank you very much
hey javi a certain pepe resurrection
insulted dallas and his followers and
challenged him to a debate he is a youtuber from
colombia
greetings gentlemen and how many
subscribers does he have and go answer
his rites you will be decoded in the
matrix set a date it will be fun thank you
very much problem thank you very much
obviously being left without any type of
government let me explain and I say this
as a person who totally
disagrees but whoever is despite a
million subscribers
and will give answers the sixth to the debate or
boss what he intended towards the government
of Colombia I repeat I disagree I
support what they intended to do on the
contrary and I support the reason for the
original demonstration is that we do not live
in a world of yupi in a utopia where
anything can be done of course if we
go  to destroy the government no
because you have to put a government in
its place because you are going to replace the government
says my karime and what you can do
is demonstrate peacefully so that
the president resigns always observe what
will happen to the demonstrations by the
forum the ball is not known no also and of
course as long as they are peaceful of
course of course be with some
citizens what are you going to do as has
happened in a lot of places there have
been civil unrest that then
ended up those citizens being the
dictators of the country it is done Cuba see
North Korea see a lot of
examples where it was but the remedy that
the disease like for example Libya
Libya was a country governed by a
dictator not just any type of
dictator was an extremely
eccentric dictator the movie the dictator
is based on that dictator the guy was
called Gaddafi he was a character he lived
as if he were a multimillionaire
Hollywood actor the difference is that the
guy was a dictator of a
country called Libya people jumped
so much from him that they end up
publicly executing him and there are videos of
him publicly executing him the
truth is that with him  The country, although it
had many problems and is doing better than
when he was no longer there. The
current situation in Libya is millions of times
worse than it was under that dictator.
Today, Libya is still divided into a bunch of
small areas governed by
warlords and the situation is horrible.
When it came to that, despite the dictator they
had, things were much better,
infinitely better than they are
now. With this, I don't mean to say that I support
dictators at all. What I'm saying
is an objectively true fact, and that is
that the country was better off than it was
afterward. Because simply hating
a specific government that you don't like is
never going to make the next thing better. Although these are questions that
people don't like because they think they
are not
mandatory questions to ask, what are you going
to do after that? If
the government comes to power, are you going to put that government in place? After that, are you going
to make sure that there is no government?
Who is going to lead
everyone? Kim Jong Un led the army, who was going to
lead the police, who was going to lead
the state budget, who is going to
lead all of that? Really, there are
important things to question before
making these statements. It is not important to
have  some demonstrations
automatically s of rock and a government
in a demonstration does not represent the
entire country okay you can have a lot of
people in a demonstration and that
really the majority imagine there can be a
lot of people and in a demonstration
you can see that there are a lot of people who can't
in my country they removed the
president so another one could come in and they
removed him in a week to protests and he
resigned and another transitional government came in
but since they don't report on
what to expect it's
not said that it can't be treated it doesn't make
sense I tell you that the majority
of cases are going to ignore it they're
not going to go away and apart from what I was
saying now you can see a lot of
people in a demonstration okay but just because
you see a lot of people in a demonstration
doesn't mean that that's the majority
of the country okay maybe the majority of the
country is in their homes how do you know
who the majority is voting let's
see if there is a democracy if there is
a voting system and ballot boxes
thank you very much lysander here what's going on
Laura thank you very much you vote and
now when you don't like what you vote for you
demonstrate no let's see for me the
demonstrations no no one  Demonstration
to remove the head of state, well the
truth is that it was not in 2019 when it was paused, it
was not to bring down Duke, it was for
education, lack of guarantees for
farmers, police violence,
etc. Today that is repeated, I
love you and thank you for Javalera, anyway, thank you
very much, thank you, what was given, I wouldn't
see the point in it, I personally can't,
I don't see the point in
your thing and holding a demonstration
because I consider that the president
is not doing well, I wish it
were like that, I wish it were like that here in
Spain we would remove Sanchez from the
presidency but you can't vote,
the vote must be respected, four years
for me, I wish for me, I wish I tell you, I
think that now if there were injuries,
now
if there were elections right now, the
result would be very, very surprising,
but you have to have a plan behind
it. The responses today, Bild, on Twitter,
to this,
insults, like no, the shitty insults, the
insults, more xenophobia, more racism
because of course I'm white, I have no
right to express myself because I'm
white, like in Colombia, let's do it in Colombia, there
are no white people apparently
no, for what I'm seeing it is
still xenophobia seeing these tweets here with
literally thousands of retweets thousands of
likes what did I say wrong here literally
what did I say wrong here and I did to
deserve that you insult me ​​and threaten me
with death all these people for asking
questions that they should have
asked themselves from the beginning
because that's what I have to ask
these uncomfortable questions if they don't
ask themselves first then
another with more xenophobia and saying that
the Galicians are going to know their only
decent jobs are to be extreme and make
reaction videos don't miss it it
turns out that Galicians only know how to
estimate and make reaction videos
the majority is seen in elections
your phrase is very true because they gather a lot of
people they already proclaim themselves representatives
of the people
the comment was this I lack
information and they gave it to me too but not
at this level and I don't know how long it's been
going on because of that I think it's better to give your opinion hello
javi I'm 15 years old how are you my mom
insults me too much and threatens me a lot with
hitting me this includes the time
four months ago this will sound funny I
imagine to some but a  once I
took the cables off my playstation and he started
hitting me in the back with them he made
wounds that bled and hurt too
little what did he do when I was
going into the locker room
while I was changing into my
uniform or a teammate saw the wounds
haha ​​I have to save more points I just
want some advice from you it's the
end that couldn't fit
adri thank you very much what
just happened
thank you mauricio thank you very much what just
happened
that I lived in a vote in 'the
knows that democracy works in theory
but only in theory it's still
speaking from privilege
like with a forgive me are you
complaining that I think we have to
go to the polls to vote
this last super chat between that I already
have a love hate because sometimes I don't
agree with your opinion but I'm a
huge fan like a lot of people like the majority
of the people who watch this channel but I'm
left with what you did that the majority of
people vote without really knowing how to inform themselves
and they vote out of sentimentality in
Spanish
milar in Spanish explained in Spain
too what happens is that there are
certain parties that have taken over
certain groups  as if they were the
only ones who defend certain groups
certain minorities no and in reality they
have informed us the [ __ ] [ __ ] of what
suits them or what would not suit them to vote
okay but they are replying to a
comment from a boy I deleted it because
this was the place yes totally
karime
be fool no there is no sense that she
put that in a super chato clever the
truth is I don't know come on I don't think it happens no not
because I put it on her perch
but don't put those things surely she's
either sunny or some kind of catch
or something like that if that happens I don't think
you spend money on sending beats if
that is really happening to her go if you go
to the police no no to send a beat to a
streamer no then I say I don't
say I don't know and well let's see I'm not going to
watch the entire video of dallas because we've already
been on this subject for an hour and 10 minutes
continue watching the video
if you want but if you want to add something
you
want to add something you see something
disrespectful on the part of dallas you see
just the beating he had  you see
just the insults that he has received or do
you have something to add on the subject
before I cut with this extract
but then the play was working because of the
cables I say name Loranca let's not
do that either because we don't know what
kind of joke or what kind of things these are let's
not do something like that but it
just doesn't seem like the place has
been there many times that's what
the authorities are for no evidently
Jorge thank you very much Jorge a hug is there
anyone who wants to add something let's
cut now with the extract there is no rigor there has already
been this afternoon already today I don't think so
gun me giant ha well but we are about to
vote between a radical communist and the
daughter of a dictator currently
imprisoned [ __ ]
ok the elections no let's see
I don't like 100% any of the
parties because I think the comparison is
not worth it because it is not comparable
for example what you are putting to me that I do
n't know if it will be like that or not because I do
n't know you I don't know the situation in
Peru but I don't like 100% all the
parties in Spain what
happens is that within what there is well  you
have to vote within what there is to
choose within what there is to choose
that doesn't mean that I think that the one
I vote for is perfect or that I don't
disagree with things that I vote for
no but oh well nothing simply the
only thing I would add is that well, a lot of
strength to everyone who is having a
bad time, I can't say anything else nor
can I contribute anything else I
think that if it really affects
Dallas he always wants to be right and he's
making this revolve around
him instead of focusing on what's important, let him
share information that he thinks is
correct and that's it but at what point does he
always want to be right is that he
just says always on all the issues, I mean
Javi I agree with Dallas
and I'm Colombian the marches continue
for 20 years of Uribe government that
has the country in bad shape in that time we have
had 12 tax reforms of the VAT from
the 8th to the 19th [ __ ] I mean to say to the people from
before there was no law to live, they would write to
the email I'm not telling you as a youtuber he does
n't riddle me it's the email you
will write me the email and the md and the
email  of work is also following me that I give
the opinion that I give my opinion
on the subject and if you don't like my opinion
you complain and tell me that you always
want to be right
so what do you ask my opinion
but thank you very much and then on the other
hand he is making it revolve around
him I think he has asked a question
and it has directly been a trending topic
for asking a question in this case the
Colombians reacted this way because they are
living in a bad moment they seek empathy not
uncomfortable questions faces without expression
but seek empathy without that magicians of the
subject had in the street marvel channel
he made a fool of himself for arriving without seeing the
chapter they were talking about they tried
not to give them spoilers but after 15
minutes he had to leave because he was
ruining the whole lure damn cookie
look for that cookie look for that finally
look for me this time and make a video a
summary of yours basically you are
telling me that Dallas always wants to be
right and it is as it has been reported in his
opinion it is not ap thank you very much and we
like the opinion
javi the problem is that people do not
know  to dallas like us how direct he
is and how he expresses himself maybe this time
he lacked a little tact but I haven't
seen any lack of tact
can you give me an example please
the only thing I look at the only thing I
can say is that it was a little wrong to
generalize that all the youtube
side that a large part of the you to break
have posted a message of support for
colombia maybe it was for posturing no
because there will be some who simply don't
want to get off or get
too involved in the subject and if they have posted it
knowing what it is the only thing like that beyond what I've
seen I have let me 20 for
there
okay but let me suck it
but we don't need them to ask
uncomfortable questions we need empathy but
to have empathy on the subject I have to
know what it's about because if I don't know
what it's about it might be that I'm
supporting you for something that I don't
support in reality he understands me
and I it's
true that sometimes he gives the sin of being
arrogant wanting to be right but it
's also true that there will always be
people who will be waiting for him at the
slightest in this case dallas was
correct teach that dog cool
arrogant  the thing is that this country is very
polarized, you are either in favor of the
marches or not, if you think something different they
want to insult you right away because
then it seems like they are asking for your opinion, Javi.
Greetings, in Puerto Rico there are a lot of
corrupt people, they steal money, years ago
we demonstrated to remove a
governor who mocked the deaths
that occurred in a hurricane that was
catastrophic, my goodness, are
we left with what we have here, no, but I do
n't see how things are over there,
so, well, nothing, kids,
the most I can say is to send a lot of
strength and abroad, thank you very much,
welcome, and nothing within what they
sent a lot of strength and that about
them,
which of them was and which of them, but
basically, let's see, it seems a little
absurd to me to ask a youtuber, insist,
demand that they give an opinion, if you don't
like the opinion, you complain, or maybe
their opinion, if you like it but you don't like
their voice because what I hear a lot of
times are people who say, no, no, it's that what
we don't like is that the way they
have their voice is so irritating, the way it is, is
how you expect they are going to operate on their voice  The
next thing, apart from the flu, I'm
happy if you hate him, you have a
grudge against him, you have it crossed, whatever he says,
look, I've seen today even YouTubers
who are usually against saying that he did
n't say anything bad, that he was right,
basically removing a part of the
same thing as me, basically
generalizing with YouTubers, field these
messages, but these kids, calm down the
hate,
well, drink water